# NAME

plot_PD - Plot the output of dipha.

# SYNOPSIS

    python3 -m homcloud.plot_PD
        [-h] -d DEGREE [-T TYPE] [-N] [-s STYLE] [-p POWER]
        [-l] [--loglog] [-m MAX] [-t Title] [-U UNIT_NAME]
        [-D SCATTERING_SIZE] [-o OUTPUT] [-x X_RANGE]
        [-X XBINS] [-y Y_RANGE] [-Y YBINS]
        [-n NORMALIZE_CONSTANT] [-c COLORMAP] [--dpi DPI]
        INPUT [INPUT ...]



# ALIAS

    homcloud-plot-PD

# DESCRIPTION

This program plots the output data of dipha from INPUT.

You always need to specify the RANGE-MIN, RANGE-MAX, and BINS to plot the data.
RANGE-MIN and RANGE-MAX specify the plotting range, and
BINS specifies the number of bins.

You can use multiple input files. In that case, all pairs are shown in one diagram.

# OPTIONS

    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    -V, --version         show program's version number and exit
    -d DEGREE, --degree DEGREE
                          Degree of PH
    -T TYPE, --type TYPE  Input file format (dipha, idipha, text) (default:
                          autodetect)
    -N, --negate          Flip the sign of birth/death times for superlevel
                          persistence (default: False)
    -p POWER, --power POWER
                          Output x^POWER for each value x
    -l, --log             Output log(x+1) for each value x
    --loglog              Output log(log(x+1)+1)
    --linear-midpoint LINEAR_MIDPOINT
                          linear with midpoint
    -m MAX, --vmax MAX    Maximum of colorbar (default: autoscale)
    --vmin VMIM           Minimum of colorbar
    -c COLORMAP, --colormap COLORMAP
                          matplotlib colormap name
    -s STYLE, --style STYLE
                          plotting style (colorhistogram(default), contour)
    -t Title, --title Title
                          Title string
    -U UNIT_NAME, --unit-name UNIT_NAME
                          The unit name of birth and death times
    --font-size FONT_SIZE
                          font size (default: 12)
    -D SCATTERING_SIZE, --diffuse-pairs SCATTERING_SIZE
                          Diffuse pairs using gaussian distribution of SD=SIGMA
    -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                          output file
    -x X_RANGE, --x-range X_RANGE
                          birth range
    -X XBINS, --xbins XBINS
                          number of bins in birth-axis
    -y Y_RANGE, --y-range Y_RANGE
                          death range
    -Y YBINS, --ybins YBINS
                          number of bins in death-axis
    -n NORMALIZE_CONSTANT, --normalize-constant NORMALIZE_CONSTANT
                          normalize constant to histogram height
    -M MARKER, --marker MARKER
                          marker file
    --dpi DPI             output DPI (used with -o option, default is
                          savefig.dpi of matplotlib)

# INPUT FORMAT

Dipha\'s PERSISTENCE\_DIAGRAM format, index-combined dipha diagram format,
or text format.

The index-combined dipha diagram format is generated by "-I" option of
pc2diphacomplex, pict.binarize, pict.pixel-levelset, pict.binarize3d.


Text format should be

    birth1 death1
    birth2 death2
       :

When you use the text format, -d option is ignored.

# OUTPUT FORMAT

If the output argument is not given, the plotted picture
is shown in your display. If the output argument is given,
the output format is determined by its extension.
You can output the picture in PNG(.png), PDF(.pdf), and EPS(.eps).
Other formats are also available if matplotlib supports the formats.
